A few extra improvements to readability. (#6)
Planet-AI-GmbH/tfaip: joss/paper.md

In comparison to other frameworks such as Tensorflow, _tfaip_ requires users to implement their scenarios in object-oriented programming and encourages them to annotate their code with types.
This is particularly sensible if the scenarios and thus their code basis becomes larger since it leads to a clean, structured, modularized, and readable code preventing bad code style and facilitates maintenance.
In comparison to other frameworks such as Tensorflow, _tfaip_ requires users to implement their scenarios in an object-oriented way and encourages them to annotate their code with types.
This is particularly advantageous for larger, more complex scenarios where the codebase grows accordingly. Using _tfaip_ leads to a clean, structured, modularized, and readable code limiting poor coding styles and facilitating maintenance.
In practice, each scenario is created by implementing predefined interfaces (e.g., loss-function or the graph construction).

During research and development, a tedious step is data preparation which often comprises the conversion of data into the format required by the framework.

> The Tensorflow-backed of _tfaip_ allows integrating Python code in the data pipeline which is however not run (truly) in parallel by multiple processes and results quite often in a bottleneck.

Reviewer: I think the "of" is mandatory here, since `tfaip` is no Tensorflow backend, but vice-versa.

Author: Yes, Tensorflow-backed _tfaip_ means '_tfaip_ supported/backed by Tensorflow'.

Leaving 'of' in this sentence doesn't make sense.

Reviewer: You are absolutely right, my mistake, I missed the missing an "n":
* Either `Tensorflow-backed _tfaip_` or
* `Tensorflow-backeNd of _tfaip_`.

Sorry.

> _tfaip_ tackles this issue by providing a sophisticated pipeline setup based of 'data processors' which apply simple transformation operations in pure Python code and are automatically executed in parallel.

Reviewer: I'd suggest changing this to double quotes and "based on":

> pipeline setup based on "data processors"

Author: ```suggestion
_tfaip_ tackles this issue by providing a sophisticated pipeline setup based on "data processors" which apply simple transformation operations in pure Python code and are automatically executed in parallel.
```
